(query-replace-regexp "^ *[0-9][^-]+- " "")
(query-replace-regexp " -[^-]+- " "
    ")

qx.test.ui.form.AbstractVirtualBox:testListLengthAfterModelChangeSelectBox
    value: Expected value to be of type String; value=undefined
qx.test.ui.form.Color:testColorPopup
    Could not parse color: undefined
qx.test.ui.form.Placeholder:testDisabledComboBox
    Called assertFalse with 'true'
qx.test.ui.form.Placeholder:testDisabledDateField
    Called assertFalse with 'true'
qx.test.ui.form.Placeholder:testDisabledDateField
    resume() called before wait()
qx.test.ui.form.SplitButton:testArrowAvailable
    Called assertFalse with 'true'
qx.test.ui.groupbox.CheckGroupBox:testEnabledConsistencyBetweenContentAndParent
    Called assertFalse with 'true'
qx.test.ui.form.Placeholder:testFocusDateField
    Timeout of 10000 ms reached before resume() was called.
qx.test.ui.tree.virtual.Tree:testSetOpenModeWithTap
    Expected 'false' but found 'true'!
qx.test.ui.tree.virtual.Tree:testSetOpenModeWithNone
    Expected 'false' but found 'true'!
qx.test.ui.virtual.cell.WidgetCell:testUpdateData
    Expected 'label 1' but found 'null'!
qx.test.Promise:testBinding
    Timeout of 1000 ms reached before resume() was called.
qx.test.Promise:testAsyncEventHandlers
    Timeout of 2500 ms reached before resume() was called.
qx.test.data.controller.FormWithArrayAndModel:test self update: model
    Expected value to be instanceof 'qx.core.Object' but found 'undefined'!
qx.test.data.controller.FormWithArrayAndModel:test updating model: model field
    Expected value to be instanceof 'qx.core.Object' but found 'undefined'!
qx.test.data.controller.List:testResetBug
    value: Expected value to be of type String; value=undefined
qx.test.data.controller.List:testOnUpdateLabel
    value: Expected value to be of type String; value=undefined
qx.test.data.controller.List:testGetVisibleModels
    setUp failed: Attempted to wrap load which is already wrapped
qx.test.data.controller.List:testSelectionSequence
    tearDown failed: Cannot read property 'getChildren' of null
qx.test.data.controller.ListWithObjects:testOnUpdateLabel
    value: Expected value to be of type String; value=undefined
qx.test.mobile.LocaleSwitch:testList
    Cannot read property 'eq' of undefined
qx.test.mobile.basic.Atom:testIconPosition
    Called assertTrue with 'false'
qx.test.mobile.container.Scroll:testHorizontalWayPoint
    Cannot read property 'setStyle' of undefined
qx.test.mobile.form.CheckBox:testValue
    Cannot read property 'hasClass' of undefined
qx.test.util.DeferredCall:testGlobalErrorHandling
    Timeout reached before resume() was called.
